So I am in my VPC
and on the left-hand side of Egress Only Internet Gateways.
Now I can create one,
and I'll call it DemoEIGW.
And then we need to attach it to your VPC.
So my DemoVPC.
And then create this egress only internet gateway.
So it's created and attached already.
So this is good.
But now just to make it work,
well, we need to go ahead and edit a route table.
So let's go in here.
It needs to be for the private sub-net, okay?
It doesn't make sense for the public subnets.
So for the private subnets.
Let's go and edit the route table for the private subnets,
and edit these routes.
And we're going to say that's..
Yeah, You know what?
Anything that is going to be ::/0.
So any IPv6,
please be redirected to the egress only internet gateway.
Save the changes.
And now, all good.
My easy two instances in my private subnets can access
the internet over IPv6 but are not reachable.
Super easy demo,
but I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.